qibotf removal (#587)
qiboteam/qibo: doc/source/getting-started/backends.rst

* :ref:`installing-tensorflow`: a pure TensorFlow implementation for quantum simulation which provides access to gradient descent optimization and the possibility to implement classical and quantum architectures together. This backend is not optimized for memory and speed, use :ref:`installing-qibojit` instead.
* :ref:`installing-numpy`: a lightweight quantum simulator shipped with the :ref:`installing-qibo` base package. Use this simulator if your CPU architecture is not supported by the other backends. Please note that the simulation performance is quite poor in comparison to other backends.

The default backend that is used is the first available from the above list.
The user can switch to a different using the ``qibo.set_backend`` method
(see :ref:`Backends <Backends>` section for more details).

The active default backend will be printed as an info message the first time
Qibo is imported in the code. If qibojit is not installed, an additional warning

> will appear prompting the user to install one of the two for increased

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will appear prompting the user to install qibojit for increased
```
